Now, I hear a lot of pushback from
this on people who don't like this,
because they say, but I can't install
the module if I'm on an aeroplane.
[LAUGH] But that's true.
That's true.
You can't install a Deno dependency
when you're on an aeroplane, but
you also can't install an npm
module if you're on an aeroplane.
So nothing really changes there.
npm packages have to be downloaded, Deno
dependencies have to be downloaded period.
The only difference is that Deno
uses the URL and an npm and
actually copies the file to your
project in the node_modules folder.
If you're still not convinced,
just go back to the React story that
we talked about in the beginning.
Where, at one point in time, putting
JavaScript in html was considered bad,
and today we put JavaScript in html,
we don't think twice.
And so, I'm not saying that Deno is
the reactive of JavaScript on all times,
I'm not saying it's
the right way to do it.
I'm simply saying that, importing few URLs
could be a better developer experience.
It could be, so give it a chance.
I do think that you'll find
that it's a relatively simple
solution to the dependency problem,
which is a thing.
All right,
let's talk about Compatibility With Node,
because the next question that
comes up real quickly is like okay.
So but what about all the npm packages?
Right?
Like I don't just use node i
have a lot of different
things that I need to use.
Can I use npm packages with node?
Probably not is the answer.
Deno does have a node compatibility
module in its standard library.
In fact, if we jump out and
take a look at it.
You can see here that it's meant
to have a compatibility layer.
So they're working on it.
And then they go back and they look at,
sort of checking off what did they
support today, and you can see here
out of 38 built in node modules,
only eight are currently
supported in Deno Deno Deno,
although that's probably
changed since I wrote that.
But you can see that
they're working on it.
But some things are just never gonna work.
If you use a Module that
has native bindings and
has to be built,
then it gets built with node.gyp in Node.
And in Deno, it gets built with Cargo.
These are just different build systems.
And so these modules are not going
to be they're not going to work
across these two different runtimes but
I think that the third party list
in Deno is growing pretty quickly.
And in fact, my very least favorite new
module that requires node.gyp is sass,
and there's the sass already for Deno.
You can use some node modules with Deno,
and
we're actually going to
do that at some point.
But it's a little bit hacky.
And I don't know if it's a good idea or
not, but
I am going to show you how to
do it here in just a minute.
So it is possible.
So the question was if we're
going to think like a browser,
does that mean that the browser
should download TypeScript files?
No, I don't think so.
The assertion that Ryan is making is the
Denos should work mostly like a browser
not not that a browser
should work like Deno and so
the browser doesn't support TypeScript.
So no, I don't think that's the intention.
I think it's more like he's trying to stay
as close as possible to those conventions.
And even Deno supports some things that
the browser supports natively, like fetch.
So you can just do fetch inside of
Deno You don't have to include some HTTP
module to make a request, you just
fetch just like you do in a browser.
So that's what I mean by
thinking like a browser.
I don't mean that the browser
should work like Deno